
Upload the code via Google Form after finishing the coding. (Only ZIP files are accepted.) The form link has been sent to you via email.
Connect to the Guest WiFi. (Details have been sent to you via email.)

Expectations and Guidelines
Time Allotted: 90 minutes
Internet Usage: You may use the internet only for syntax references.
Programming Language: You may use any language of your choice.
External Libraries: Do not use any external libraries. All code should be written by you.
Make sure that you have working and demonstrable code for all the above requirements.
Platform Capabilities should be strictly followed. Work on the expected output first and then move on the Bonus Capabilities.
Use of proper abstraction, separation of concerns is required.
Code should easily accommodate new requirements with minimal changes.
Proper exception handling is required.
Code should be modular, readable and unit-testable.
Important Notes:
Do not use any database store, use an in-memory data structure.
Do not create any UI for the application.
Do not build a Command line interface, Executing test cases or simple Main function should be sufficient
Evaluation Metrics -
Your code would be evaluated on basis of -
Functional Correctness
Completeness
Exceptional Handling
Concurrency Handling
















Problem Statement:
You have to design and implement a logger library that applications can use to log messages.
Client/application make use of your logger library to log messages to a sink


Platform Capabilities:

Message
has content which is of type string
has a level associated with it
has namespace associated with it to identify the part of application that sent the message
Sink
This is the destination for a message (e g text file, database, console, etc)
Sink is tied to one or more message level
Logger library
Requires configuration during sink setup
Accepts messages from client(s)
Routes messages to appropriate sink based on the level
Supports following message level in the order of priority: FATAL, ERROR WARN, INFO, DEBUG.
Message levels with higher priority above a given message level should be logged.
Ex: If INFO is configured as a message level, FATAL, ERROR, WARN and INFO should be logged
Enriches message with additional information (like timestamp) while directing message to a sink
Should not impact the client’s application flow. Eg - file sink based log should not increase the latency of calling function.
Sending messages
Sink need not be mentioned while sending a message to the logger library.
A message level has a 1:1 mapping with sink.
Client specifies message content, level and namespace while sending a message


Logger configuration (see sample below)
Specifies all the details required to use the logger library.
One configuration per association of message level and sink
You may consider logger configuration as a key-value pair
Example:
logging level
sink type
details required for sink (eg file location)


Bonus Capabilities:
No information loss. Logger library should log all the messages before the client application shuts down.
Log Level for the application can be updated dynamically.





Commands:
Command to set logging level for application -
Command: SET_LOG_LEVEL <log-level>


Command to add a config -
Command: ADD_CONFIG <log-level> <sink-type> <sink-location [optional]>


Command to log a message


Command : LOG_MESSAGE <log-level> <message> <namespace>
Output : <sink-type> <level> <timestamp> <message> <namespace>





Test Cases:
This doesn’t have to be a command line interface, you have to expose an equivalent function to execute the following scenarios. Eg - func info(args…), func debug(args…)


Command : ADD_CONFIG  INFO CONSOLE
Output : NA

Command : ADD_CONFIG ERROR FILE
Output : NA


Command : ADD_CONFIG DEBUG FILE
Output : NA

Command : SET_LOG_LEVEL INFO



Command : LOG_MESSAGE INFO “this is a info message” “classroomhandler.go”
Output :
	CONSOLE INFO “this is a info message” “classroomhandler.go”

Command : LOG_MESSAGE ERROR “this is an error message” “classroomhandler.go”
Output : FILE ERROR “this is an error message” “classroomhandler.go”


Command : SET_LOG_LEVEL FATAL


Command : LOG_MESSAGE INFO “this is a info message” “classroomhandler.go”
Output : no-output

Command : LOG_MESSAGE FATAL “this is a fatal message” “classroomhandler.go”
Output : CONSOLE FATAL “this is a fatal message” “classroomhandler.go”
